What you learnt inside the class?

Week1

#1 Looked at the features of pokemon go.
#2 Getting broad ideas on pokemon go means modifying the game so that it will be better than now and may be useful like catching a pokemon
gives any information or in someother way etc.,
#3 Group discussions.

week2

#1 what is meant by quality?
#2 what to do to get quality products?
#3 Importance of quality in developments.
#4 Looked at the poject ideas in broad way and improvement of idea from round to round(Development of ideas).

week3

#1 What is software engineering and its difference with engineering.
#2 what sort of skills are basically need in software development?
#3 I have learnt that SE is like learning existing methods and developing them using some ideas(methods in software).
#4 what are the principles of software engineering?

week4
#1 Life cycles of the software :
                   We should not blindly design the software and test it after the design get finished.
                   Before designing the software first we have to look at the cycle of the software which means we have to 
                   divide the software into some stages.Step by step process should be take place .Stages like Requirements,Design,Implementation 
                   testing etc., Before designing a software we should look at the requirements of the software.Later we should worry about 
                   designing part of software.After designing we should try to implement the software and then finally we reached the testing part.
                   If the software gets falied we should start from design part and continue the cycle.This is the life cycle of the software.
                   Different types of life cycles are existing at current.We should select which life cycle suits our project and which life cycle 
                   will be helpful in implementing the software.Look at the advantages and disadvantages of the different life cycles.
  #2 I have learnt about the stakeholders and their requirements and the representation of both requirements and stakeholders.
  For the software that we are going to design we should look at the requirements of the stakeholders.stakeholders are like the one
  who are going to use our software.So from them we should understand their requirements.Based on the requirements modify / design our software.
  Lets take an example of facebook ,for facebook stakeholders are like students ,advertisors,employees,teacher,institutions and others
  like designers etc.,Their requirements are students-chatting/lies/shares/uploading pics etc., employees-looking for adds related to jobs
  advertisors-giving advertisements etc., Inorder to look at their requirements we should develop some methods for representation like
  venn diagrams,Finite Automata,functions histograms,sets etc.,
                  
